Privacy Policy

Last updated: 12 April 2021

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use
and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about
Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the
Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with
this Privacy Policy.

1.  Interpretation and Definitions

    1.  Interpretation

        The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings
        defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall
        have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or
        in plural.

    2.  Definitions

        For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

        1.  **Account** means a unique account created for You to access Our
            Service or parts of Our Service.

            1.  **ThreeThirds** (referred to as either "**We**", "**Us**" or
                "**Our**" in this Agreement) refers to ISW Development Pty Ltd,
                Belsoft Collaboration AG and Prominic.net Inc.

                1.  **Cookies** are small files that are placed on Your Device
                    by a website, containing the details of Your browsing
                    history on that website among its many uses.

                2.  **Data Protection Laws** means the Privacy Act, the GDPR and
                    any other applicable similar laws.

                3.  **Device** means any device that can access the Service such
                    as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

                4.  **GDPR** means the General Data Protection Regulation
                    (2016/679) and national laws implementing or supplementing
                    it.

                5.  **Partner** means our direct customers and those have
                    created an Account to use the Service.

                6.  **Partner Applications** means software applications,
                    websites or other digital services produced by Our Partners,
                    even if created through the Service.

                7.  **Partner End User** means a person using the Partner
                    Applications or Partner Platform.

                8.  **Partner End User Data** means data collected by our
                    Partners through the Partner Platform or Partner
                    Applications.

                9.  **Partner Platform** means a platform provided by Us to the
                    Partners and hosted on their servers, or on a server We to
                    them.

                10. **Personal Data** means any information that identifies a
                    particular individual and also includes information referred
                    to as “personal data”, "personally identifiable information"
                    or "personal information" under the Data Protection Laws.

                11. **Privacy Act** means the *Privacy Act 1988* (Cth).

                12. **Service** refers to the Website and any product or service
                    offered on the Website, including the Platform. However, the
                    Service does not include a Partner Platform or any Partner
                    Applications.

                13. **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who
                    processes the data on behalf of ThreeThirds. It refers to
                    third-party companies or individuals employed by ThreeThirds
                    to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf
                    of ThreeThirds, to perform services related to the Service
                    or to assist ThreeThirds in analyzing how the Service is
                    used. For the purpose of the GDPR, Service Providers are
                    considered data processors.

                14. **Third-party Social Media Service** refers to any website
                    or any social network website through which a User can log
                    in or create an Account to use the Service.

                15. **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically,
                    either generated by the use of the Service or from the
                    Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of
                    a page visit).

                16. **Website** refers to means the website accessible from
                    https://businessapps.collab.cloud/ and the associated
                    community forums accessible at <https://forums.buzzy.buzz/>.

                17. **You** means the individuals described in clause ‎2.1

2.  Important: who this policy covers

    1.  This Privacy Policy covers You only if:

        1.  You are a Visitor to Our Website;

            1.  You are a Partner or You register to use the Service (for
                example, by creating an Account); or

                1.  We have received Your Personal Data in connection with Our
                    marketing activities.

            2.  We are the controller of Your Personal Data to the extent that
                the above applies to You.

            3.  For clarity, this Privacy Policy does **not** apply to any
                Partner End User Data. With respect to Partner End User Data,
                the Partner is the controller and We are a processor. We may
                process the Partner End User Data sent to Us only in accordance
                with the instructions of Our Partners.

            4.  Our Partners, not Us, choose the type of Partner End User Data
                collected by Partner Applications, and processed, transferred
                and stored through Our Partners’ use of Partner Platform or
                Partner Applications. We may process the Partner End User Data
                only according to the instructions of Partners and Our legal
                obligations with respect to the Partner End User Data is set
                forth in the agreement between Us and Our Partners. The
                collection of Partner End User Data through Partner Platforms or
                Partner Applications is governed by Our Partners’ privacy
                policies, and if you are a Partner End User then you should
                review the Partner’s privacy policy to learn more about the
                Partner’s data handling practices.

            5.  While We recognize that an individual has the right to access,
                delete and amend the data collected about that individual, We do
                not have a relationship with the Partner End Users but rather
                only with Our Partners. If You are a Partner End User and you
                would like to access, amend or delete Your data, then You need
                to contact the Partner directly and We will respond within a
                reasonable period of time to any such request by Our Partner.

            6.  We only retain the Partner End User Data We process on behalf of
                Our Partners for as long as necessary to provide the Service to
                Our Partners or as required to comply with legal obligations,
                resolve disputes and enforce any agreement.

3.  Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

    1.  Types of Data Collected

Personal Data

>   While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain
>   personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify
>   You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

-   Email address

-   First name and last name

-   Phone number

-   Address

-   Usage Data

-   Geographic location (subject to you expressly opting-in to provide such data)

Usage Data

>   Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

>   Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol
>   address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of Our
>   Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on
>   those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

>   When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect
>   certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type
>   of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of
>   Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile
>   Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic
>   data.

>   We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit
>   Our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.

Tracking Technologies and Cookies

>   We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on
>   Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are
>   beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve
>   and analyse Our Service. The technologies We use may include:

-   **Cookies or Browser Cookies.** A cookie is a small file placed on Your
    Device. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate
    when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may
    not be able to use some parts of Our Service. Unless You have adjusted Your
    browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, Our Service may use Cookies.

    -   **Flash Cookies.** Certain features of Our Service may use local stored
        objects (or Flash Cookies) to collect and store information about Your
        preferences or Your activity on Our Service. Flash Cookies are not
        managed by the same browser settings as those used for Browser Cookies.
        For more information on how You can delete Flash Cookies, please read
        "Where can I change the settings for disabling, or deleting local shared
        objects?" available at
        [https://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html\#main_Where_can_I_change_the_settings_for_disabling__or_deleting_local_shared_objects\_](https://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html#main_Where_can_I_change_the_settings_for_disabling__or_deleting_local_shared_objects_)

        -   **Web Beacons.** Certain sections of Our Service and Our emails may
            contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred
            to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit
            ThreeThirds, for example, to count users who have visited those
            pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics
            (for example, recording the popularity of a certain section and
            verifying system and server integrity).

    1.  Use of Your Personal Data

        ThreeThirds may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

        1.  **To provide and maintain Our Service**, including to monitor the
            usage of Our Service.

            1.  **To manage Your Account:** to manage Your registration as a
                user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You
                access to different functionalities of the Service that are
                available to You as a registered user.

                1.  **For the performance of a contract:** the development,
                    compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the
                    products, items or services You have purchased or of any
                    other contract with Us through the Service.

                2.  **To contact You:** To contact You by email, telephone
                    calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic
                    communication, such as a mobile application's push
                    notifications regarding updates or informative
                    communications related to the functionalities, products or
                    contracted services, including the security updates, when
                    necessary or reasonable for their implementation.

                3.  **To provide You** with news, special offers and general
                    information about other goods, services and events which We
                    offer that are similar to those that You have already
                    purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to
                    receive such information.

                4.  **To manage Your requests:** To attend and manage Your
                    requests to Us.

                5.  **For business transfers:** We may use Your information to
                    evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring,
                    reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of
                    some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as
                    part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in
                    which Personal Data held by Us about Our Service users is
                    among the assets transferred.

                6.  **For other purposes**: We may use Your information for
                    other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage
                    trends, determining the effectiveness of Our promotional
                    campaigns, to evaluate and improve Our Service, products,
                    services, marketing and Your experience, and for other
                    internal business purposes.

                    We may share Your personal information in the following
                    situations:

                7.  **With Service Providers:** We may share Your personal
                    information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze
                    the use of Our Service, for payment processing, to contact
                    You.

                8.  **For business transfers:** We may share or transfer Your
                    personal information in connection with, or during
                    negotiations of, any merger, sale of ThreeThirds assets,
                    financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our
                    business to another company.

                9.  **With Affiliates:** We may share Your information with Our
                    affiliates, in which case We will require those affiliates
                    to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent
                    company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners
                    or other companies that We control or that are under common
                    control with Us.

                10. **With business partners:** We may share Your information
                    with Our business partners to offer You certain products,
                    services or promotions.

                11. **With other users:** when You share personal information or
                    otherwise interact in the public areas with other users,
                    such information may be viewed by all users and may be
                    publicly distributed outside. If You interact with other
                    users or register through a Third-Party Social Media
                    Service, Your contacts on the Third-Party Social Media
                    Service may see Your name, profile, pictures and description
                    of Your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to
                    view descriptions of Your activity, communicate with You and
                    view Your profile.

                12. **With Your consent**: We may disclose Your personal
                    information for any other purpose with Your consent.

    2.  Retention of Your Personal Data

        ThreeThirds will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is
        necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will
        retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with
        Our legal obligations (for example, if We are required to retain Your
        data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce Our
        legal agreements and policies.

        ThreeThirds will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes.
        Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except
        when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the
        functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this
        data for longer time periods.

    3.  Transfer of Your Personal Data

        Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at ThreeThirds's
        operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in
        the processing are located. It means that this information may be
        transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your
        state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the
        data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction. For
        example, some of the data servers of ThreeThirds and our Service
        Providers are located in the United States, Australia, and Europe.

        Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such
        information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

        ThreeThirds will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your
        data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and
        no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or
        a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the
        security of Your data and other personal information.

    4.  Disclosure of Your Personal Data

Business Transactions

>   If ThreeThirds is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your
>   Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your
>   Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy
>   Policy.

Law enforcement

>   Under certain circumstances, ThreeThirds may be required to disclose Your
>   Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests
>   by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

Other legal requirements

>   ThreeThirds may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that
>   such action is necessary to:

1.  Comply with a legal obligation

    1.  Protect and defend the rights or property of ThreeThirds

        1.  Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the
            Service

            1.  Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the
                public

                1.  Protect against legal liability

    2.  Security of Your Personal Data

        The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that
        no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic
        storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable
        means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute
        security.

2.  Detailed Information on the processing of Your Personal Data

    The Service Providers We use may have access to Your Personal Data. These
    third-party vendors collect, store, use, process and transfer information
    about Your activity on Our Service in accordance with their Privacy
    Policies.

    1.  Analytics

        We may use third-party Service providers to monitor and analyze the use
        of Our Service.

        1.  **Google Analytics**

            Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that
            tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected
            to track and monitor the use of Our Service. This data is shared
            with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to
            contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising
            network.

            You can opt-out of having made Your activity on the Service
            available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics
            opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics
            JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js and dc.js) from sharing information
            with Google Analytics about visits activity.

            For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please
            visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
            <https://policies.google.com/privacy>

    2.  Email Marketing

        We may use Your Personal Data to contact You with newsletters, marketing
        or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest
        to You. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these
        communications from Us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions
        provided in any email We send or by contacting Us.

        We may use email marketing service providers to manage and send emails
        to You.

    3.  Payments

        We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that
        case, We may use third-party services for payment processing (e.g.
        payment processors).

        We will not store or collect Your payment card details. That information
        is provided directly to Our third-party payment processors whose use of
        Your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These
        payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by
        the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands
        like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS
        requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information. Our
        usual payment processor is:

        1.  **Stripe** - Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
            <https://stripe.com/us/privacy>

3.  GDPR Privacy

    1.  Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under GDPR

        We may process Personal Data under the following conditions:

        1.  **Consent:** You have given Your consent for processing Personal
            Data for one or more specific purposes.

            1.  **Performance of a contract:** Provision of Personal Data is
                necessary for the performance of an agreement with You and/or
                for any pre-contractual obligations thereof.

                1.  **Legal obligations:** Processing Personal Data is necessary
                    for compliance with a legal obligation to which ThreeThirds
                    is subject.

                2.  **Vital interests:** Processing Personal Data is necessary
                    in order to protect Your vital interests or of another
                    natural person.

                3.  **Public interests:** Processing Personal Data is related to
                    a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the
                    exercise of official authority vested in ThreeThirds.

                4.  **Legitimate interests:** Processing Personal Data is
                    necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests
                    pursued by ThreeThirds.

                    In any case, ThreeThirds will gladly help to clarify the
                    specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in
                    particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a
                    statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                    necessary to enter into a contract.

    2.  Your Rights under the GDPR

        ThreeThirds undertakes to respect the confidentiality of Your Personal
        Data and to guarantee You can exercise Your rights.

        You have the right under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are
        within the EU, to:

        1.  **Request access to Your Personal Data.** The right to access,
            update or delete the information We have on You. Whenever made
            possible, You can access, update or request deletion of Your
            Personal Data directly within Your Account settings section. If You
            are unable to perform these actions Yourself, please contact Us to
            assist You. This also enables You to receive a copy of the Personal
            Data We hold about You.

            1.  **Request correction of the Personal Data that We hold about
                You.** You have the right to have any incomplete or inaccurate
                information We hold about You corrected.

                1.  **Object to processing of Your Personal Data.** This right
                    exists where We are relying on a legitimate interest as the
                    legal basis for Our processing and there is something about
                    Your particular situation, which makes You want to object to
                    Our processing of Your Personal Data on this ground. You
                    also have the right to object where We are processing Your
                    Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.

                2.  **Request erasure of Your Personal Data.** You have the
                    right to ask Us to delete or remove Personal Data when there
                    is no good reason for Us to continue processing it.

                3.  **Request the transfer of Your Personal Data.** We will
                    provide to You, or to a third-party You have chosen, Your
                    Personal Data in a structured, commonly used,
                    machine-readable format. Please note that this right only
                    applies to automated information which You initially
                    provided consent for Us to use or where We used the
                    information to perform a contract with You.

                4.  **Withdraw Your consent.** You have the right to withdraw
                    Your consent on using Your Personal Data. If You withdraw
                    Your consent, We may not be able to provide You with access
                    to certain specific functionalities of the Service.

    3.  Exercising of Your GDPR Data Protection Rights

        You may exercise Your rights of access, rectification, cancellation and
        opposition by contacting Us. Please note that We may ask You to verify
        Your identity before responding to such requests. If You make a request,
        We will try Our best to respond to You as soon as possible.

        You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about Our
        collection and use of Your Personal Data. For more information, if You
        are in the European Economic Area (EEA), please contact Your local data
        protection authority in the EEA.

4.  Children's Privacy

    Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly
    collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.
    If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has
    provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that
    We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without
    verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information
    from Our servers.

    If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your
    information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require
    Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

5.  Links to Other Websites

    Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us.
    If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third
    party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every
    site You visit.

    We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,
    privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

6.  Cookies

    We use cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to collect
    certain information about Your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns.
    Below we describe what are cookies and web beacons, why we use cookies and
    web beacons, the types of cookies and web beacons that we use as well as
    what You can do in order to manage and delete cookies and web beacons.

    1.  What are cookies and web beacons?

        1.  Cookies are small text files that websites often store on computer
            hard drives or mobile devices of visitors to their websites. A
            cookie contains a unique number, which is used to recognize Your
            computer or mobile device when You return to our Website. Cookies
            can remain on Your computer or mobile device for different periods
            of time. The cookies can be either "persistent" cookies or "session"
            cookies. Persistent cookies are stored by a web browser and remain
            valid until a set expiration date. Session cookies only exist while
            Your internet browser is open and are automatically deleted once You
            close Your browser.

            1.  Web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and
                single-pixel gifs) are small electronic files contained on pages
                of websites that permit companies to count users who have
                visited certain webpages on a website and are used for other
                related website statistics (e.g., recording the popularity of
                certain website content and verifying system and server
                integrity).

    2.  What do we use cookies and web beacons for?

        We use a variety of cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies
        for different purposes. Specifically, We use cookies and web beacons to
        enhance the experience of our visitors to Our Website (for example, by
        remembering Your preferences and letting You navigate between pages
        efficiently) and to better understand how the Website is used. Cookies
        may tell Us, for example, whether You have visited the Website before or
        whether You are a new visitor.

    3.  What types of cookies and web beacons are used by us?

        We use both first-party and third-party cookies and web beacons.
        First-party cookies and web beacons are cookies and web beacons that are
        served directly by us to your computer or mobile device. Third-party
        cookies and web beacons are served by a third-party service provider on
        behalf of us. Third-party cookies are most commonly used for advertising
        and analytics purposes.

        There are three categories of cookies and web beacons used by us.
        Specifically, we use essential, performance and functionality cookies
        and web beacons.

        1.  Essential cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are
            necessary for the operation of the Website. These tracking
            technologies enable You to move around on the Website and use the
            Website’s features. You may not opt-out of these types of cookies
            because they are required to operate the Website.

            1.  Performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies
                collect information about how You have used the Website. We use
                performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies
                to improve the user experience with Our Website.

                1.  Functionality cookies, web beacons and other tracking
                    technologies allow Us to remember how You are logged into
                    our Website, when You logged in or out and the actions You
                    have taken while You have been logged into the Website.

    4.  What are Your choices about cookies?

        It is Your choice as to whether or not to accept cookies. Most browsers
        allow You to configure the browser settings so that cookies from
        websites cannot be placed on Your computer or mobile device. If You
        choose not to accept cookies, then You may be able to continue browsing
        our Website but we may not be able to provide You with certain features.
        If You would like further information about cookies and how to manage
        and delete them, please visit
        [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org) or
        [www.youronlinechoices.eu](http://www.youronlinechoices.eu).

7.  Changes to this Privacy Policy

    We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of
    any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

    We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service,
    prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at
    the top of this Privacy Policy.

    You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
    Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this
    page.

8.  Contact Us

    If You have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

    By email: support@collab.cloud
